---
slug: pecanrfp
title: PEcAn Request for Proposals
authors: david_lebauer
tags: [funding]
---

# **Call for Proposals: PEcAn Project Community Development Fund**

The PEcAn Project is excited to announce the availability of funding for small projects and activities. This fund is made possible by GSOC mentor stipends.

We invite proposals for small grants to support activities that advance and promote PEcAn-related work.

## **Supported Activities**

The objective of this funding is to build and support the PEcAn community. A broad scope of activities could be supported. Examples include:

- **Community Engagement:** PEcAn-related swag or outreach activities that enhance community visibility and engagement.
- **Workshops:** Funding to help coordinate in-person PEcAn-related meetups.
- **Conference Participation:** Support for presenting PEcAn-related work at conferences.
- **Publications:** Assistance with publication costs for PEcAn-related papers.
- **Other Uses:** We are open to creative proposals that support the PEcAn community.

## **Expected Award Size**

All proposals will be considered contingent on available funds. We anticipate typical awards between $500-$3000 USD.

## **Eligibility**

- Open to all PEcAn community members.

## **Out of Scope / Excluded Activities**

- Activities that already have funding.
- PEcAn Software Development.
- Travel expenses for PEcAn workshops.

## **How to Apply**

Submit a brief proposal (1-2 pages) that includes:

1. **Your Name & Affiliation**
2. **Description of Proposed Activity**

- Scope of work
- Deliverables
- How it benefits the PEcAn community

3. **Estimated Itemized Budget**
4. **Timeline** (when funds will be used)

## **Submission**

Proposals will be reviewed on a rolling basis. Prior to formal submission, post ideas and ask questions on the #pecan Slack channel.
